Open your eyes today
Let's see what the real treasure of the temple of wealth is
This
This is the legendary Glazed Seven Saint Protector
How come?
He's a warrior.
How can there be the Glazed Seven Sage Preservation of the Temple of Wealth?
That's impossible.
He must have relied on his identity as a martial god
To our temple of wealth
Snatched the Glazed Sacred Castle
Yeah fat man
You can't say me for such a creation
I think your Ma family's things are more fake.
brat
Even if your glazed seven saints are real
So what?
I won't give me these treasures because of you.
I will marry Fang Lin to you
Now only Ma Jiafang's family is joining forces
To support the next week
It's really the sin of the royal family
Why is this so
Since you don't like this baby
Then I will give this treasure to you
Next week Xiao Jie
Luo Zhan and the others are right and wrong
Black and white unknown
Why are you wasting your time with them?
No way.
I just want to see the real faces of these people